ml/README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Projects

Below are some Machine Learning projects.

## Table of Contents

- [Projects](#projects)

## Projects

| Name | Description |
| :---: | :--- |
|[Handwritten Digit Recognizer](./handwritten-digit-recognizer/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to classify handwritten digits.|
|[Word Prediction](./word-prediction/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to generate text. The code uses a technique called Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM).|
|[Cats And Dogs](./cats_and_dogs/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to classify images of cats and dogs.|
|[Sentiment Analysis](./sentiment-analysis/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to classify movie reviews as positive or negative.|
|[Medical Cost Prediction](./medical_costs/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to predict medical costs.|
|[Disease Predictor](./Disease_Predictor/)|This is a Python code that trains a Naive-bayes, Random-forest, SVM model to predict Diseases.|
|[Stock Price Prediction](./stock_price_prediction/)|This is a Python code that trains a Linear Regression model to predict Stock market Prices.|

Commit message:

Addition of Spam Detector Project (#26)
* Addition of Spam Detector Project

* Documentation is added

ml/README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Projects

Below are some Machine Learning projects.

## Table of Contents

- [Projects](#projects)

## Projects

| Name | Description |
| :---: | :--- |
|[Handwritten Digit Recognizer](./handwritten-digit-recognizer/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to classify handwritten digits.|
|[Word Prediction](./word-prediction/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to generate text. The code uses a technique called Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM).|
|[Cats And Dogs](./cats_and_dogs/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to classify images of cats and dogs.|
|[Sentiment Analysis](./sentiment-analysis/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to classify movie reviews as positive or negative.|
|[Medical Cost Prediction](./medical_costs/)|This is a Python code that trains a neural network model to predict medical costs.|
|[Disease Predictor](./Disease_Predictor/)|This is a Python code that trains a Naive-bayes, Random-forest, SVM model to predict Diseases.|
|[Spam Detector Message App](./Spam_Detector_Message_App/)|This is a Python code that trains a Naive-bayes model to predict whether a message is spam or not and integrated using Flask.
|[Stock Price Prediction](./stock_price_prediction/)|This is a Python code that trains a Linear Regression model to predict Stock market Prices.|
