cpp/README.md, before:

# C++ Mini Projects

Below are some C++ based mini projects based on various domain.

## Table of Contents

- [Projects](#projects)

## Projects

|                      Name                       | Description                                                                                                                                               |
| :---------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|         [Hangman Game](./hangman-game/)         | This is an implementation of the classic Hangman Game.                                                                                                    |
| [Horoscope Calculator](./horoscope-calculator/) | It is a simple program that calculates a person's zodiac sign                                                                                             |
|  [Hospital Management](./hospital-management/)  | It is a program for a hospital management system. The program allows users to add, display, search, transpose, delete, clear, and modify patient records. |
|            [Pong Game](./pong-game/)            | It is a simple Pong game played between two players, each controlling a paddle.                                                                           |
|           [Snake Game](./snake-game/)           | It is the classic simple snake game.                                                                                                                      |
|  [Rock Paper Scissors](./rock-paper-scissors/)  | "Rock, Paper, Scissors" is a simple hand game often used as a decision-making tool between two people.                                                    |

Commit message:

guess-the-number using cpp

cpp/README.md, after:

# C++ Mini Projects

Below are some C++ based mini projects based on various domain.

## Table of Contents

- [Projects](#projects)

## Projects

|                      Name                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| :---------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|         [Hangman Game](./hangman-game/)         | This is an implementation of the classic Hangman Game.                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| [Horoscope Calculator](./horoscope-calculator/) | It is a simple program that calculates a person's zodiac sign                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|  [Hospital Management](./hospital-management/)  | It is a program for a hospital management system. The program allows users to add, display, search, transpose, delete, clear, and modify patient records.                                                                                        |
|            [Pong Game](./pong-game/)            | It is a simple Pong game played between two players, each controlling a paddle.                                                                                                                                                                  |
|           [Snake Game](./snake-game/)           | It is the classic simple snake game.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|  [Rock Paper Scissors](./rock-paper-scissors/)  | "Rock, Paper, Scissors" is a simple hand game often used as a decision-making tool between two people.                                                                                                                                           |
|     [Guess the Number](./guess-the-number/)     | One player thinks of a number within a defined range, and the other player tries to guess it by making guesses within that range. The first player provides hints like "higher" or "lower" after each guess until the correct number is guessed. |
