android/README.md, before:

# Android Mini Projects
Below are some android based mini projects based on various domain.

## Table of Contents
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Projects
| Name | Description |
| :---: | :--- | 
|[Basic Phrases](./BasicPhrases/)| This app allows users to learn basic phrases in different Indian Languages.|
|[Brain Trainer](./BrainTrainerApp/)| This app generates random arithmetic operations to help them improve their mental math skills.|
|[Connect3Game](./Connect3Game/)|This app is a fun and challenging way to test your strategic thinking skills.|
|[Currency Convertor](./CurrencyConverter/)| This app is a simple currency converter that converts Indian Rupees (INR) to US Dollars (USD).|
|[Dice App](./DiceApp/)| This is a simple dice rolling app for Android devices.|
|[Egg Timer](./EggTimerApp/)| t allows the user to set a timer duration, and display the remaining time.|
|[Fast Fingers](./FastFingers/)| The goal of the game is to tap the button as many times as possible in 15 seconds.|
|[Feed App](./FeedApp/)| It is an app that shows infinite scrollable posts.|
|[Cartoon Guesser App](./GuessTheCartoonApp/)| The game displays a random cartoon character image and four answer options for the user to guess.|
|[Hiker App](./HikerApp/)| This is a simple location tracking app,it takes the user's current location then displays the latitude, longitude, accuracy, altitude, and address on the screen.|
|[Jokes App](./JokesApp/)| The app then displays the jokes in a card stack. The user can swipe left or right to like or dislike a joke. |
|[Learn Multiplication](./LearnMultiplication/)| This app generates a random multiplication question, and speaks the question to the user, waiting for the user to answer.|
|[Lyrical](./Lyrical/)| Simple Lyrics fetching app when the user enters an artist name and a song title.|
|[Martial Arts](./MartialArts/)| The app uses a database to store martial arts information.|
|[Math4Kid](./Math4Kid/)| This is a basic Math Educational app for kids.|
|[Memepur](./Memepur/)| It is an app for showing jokes from different categories.|
|[Memorable Places](./MemorablePlacesApp/)| Memorable Places is a simple app that allows you to store and view a list of memorable places.|
|[News App](./NewsApp/)| NewsApp is a simple app that allows you to read news articles from Hacker News.|
|[Notes App](./NotesApp/)| It is a simple app that allows users to create and edit notes. It has a list of notes, and users can tap on a note to open it. Users can also add new notes and delete existing notes.|
|[Screen Recorder](./ScreenRecorder/)| This app allows users to record their screen. It has a floating action button that users can tap to start or stop recording.|
|[Sidharth LG](./SidharthLG/)|It is an Android app that showcases my work, It has four buttons: About Me, Github, Website, and Discord.|
|[Songs Like This](./SongsLikeThis/)|The app has a feature that allows users to discover new songs that are similar to the songs that the users have already liked.|
|[Times Tables](./TimesTablesApp/)| It is a simple Android app that generates and displays multiplication tables.|
|[True or False](./TrueorFalse/)|TrueOrFalse is an Android quiz app that tests the user's knowledge of true or false statements.|
|[Weather App](./WeatherApp/)|WeatherApp is an Android app that provides weather information for a given city.|
|[World Trivia](./WorldTrivia/)|This app asks users about different trivia related to different part of the world.|
|[Vidya Khoj](./VidyaKhoj/)|This app uses fetches live university data every 10 seconds using foreground services and show it to the user.|


## Installation
1. Clone the Repository
2. Open the Project in Android Studio
3. Build and Run

Commit message:

Added WebTalk Android app - A Video Call app (#18)
* Added WebTalk - A Video Call app

* added WebRTC video app code

* Create README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

android/README.md, after:

# Android Mini Projects
Below are some android based mini projects based on various domain.

## Table of Contents
- [Android Mini Projects](#android-mini-projects)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Projects](#projects)
  - [Installation](#installation)

## Projects
| Name | Description |
| :---: | :--- | 
|[Basic Phrases](./BasicPhrases/)| This app allows users to learn basic phrases in different Indian Languages.|
|[Brain Trainer](./BrainTrainerApp/)| This app generates random arithmetic operations to help them improve their mental math skills.|
|[Connect3Game](./Connect3Game/)|This app is a fun and challenging way to test your strategic thinking skills.|
|[Currency Convertor](./CurrencyConverter/)| This app is a simple currency converter that converts Indian Rupees (INR) to US Dollars (USD).|
|[Dice App](./DiceApp/)| This is a simple dice rolling app for Android devices.|
|[Egg Timer](./EggTimerApp/)| t allows the user to set a timer duration, and display the remaining time.|
|[Fast Fingers](./FastFingers/)| The goal of the game is to tap the button as many times as possible in 15 seconds.|
|[Feed App](./FeedApp/)| It is an app that shows infinite scrollable posts.|
|[Cartoon Guesser App](./GuessTheCartoonApp/)| The game displays a random cartoon character image and four answer options for the user to guess.|
|[Hiker App](./HikerApp/)| This is a simple location tracking app,it takes the user's current location then displays the latitude, longitude, accuracy, altitude, and address on the screen.|
|[Jokes App](./JokesApp/)| The app then displays the jokes in a card stack. The user can swipe left or right to like or dislike a joke. |
|[Learn Multiplication](./LearnMultiplication/)| This app generates a random multiplication question, and speaks the question to the user, waiting for the user to answer.|
|[Lyrical](./Lyrical/)| Simple Lyrics fetching app when the user enters an artist name and a song title.|
|[Martial Arts](./MartialArts/)| The app uses a database to store martial arts information.|
|[Math4Kid](./Math4Kid/)| This is a basic Math Educational app for kids.|
|[Memepur](./Memepur/)| It is an app for showing jokes from different categories.|
|[Memorable Places](./MemorablePlacesApp/)| Memorable Places is a simple app that allows you to store and view a list of memorable places.|
|[News App](./NewsApp/)| NewsApp is a simple app that allows you to read news articles from Hacker News.|
|[Notes App](./NotesApp/)| It is a simple app that allows users to create and edit notes. It has a list of notes, and users can tap on a note to open it. Users can also add new notes and delete existing notes.|
|[Screen Recorder](./ScreenRecorder/)| This app allows users to record their screen. It has a floating action button that users can tap to start or stop recording.|
|[Sidharth LG](./SidharthLG/)|It is an Android app that showcases my work, It has four buttons: About Me, Github, Website, and Discord.|
|[Songs Like This](./SongsLikeThis/)|The app has a feature that allows users to discover new songs that are similar to the songs that the users have already liked.|
|[Times Tables](./TimesTablesApp/)| It is a simple Android app that generates and displays multiplication tables.|
|[True or False](./TrueorFalse/)|TrueOrFalse is an Android quiz app that tests the user's knowledge of true or false statements.|
|[Weather App](./WeatherApp/)|WeatherApp is an Android app that provides weather information for a given city.|
|[WebTalk](./WebTalk/)| WebTalk is an Android app for Video & Audio using WebRTC where people can talk over video/audio from anywhere for free, also receive call notification.
|[World Trivia](./WorldTrivia/)|This app asks users about different trivia related to different part of the world.|
|[Vidya Khoj](./VidyaKhoj/)|This app uses fetches live university data every 10 seconds using foreground services and show it to the user.|


## Installation
1. Clone the Repository
2. Open the Project in Android Studio
3. Build and Run
