flutter/README.md, before:

# Flutter Mini Projects
Below are some Flutter based mini projects based on various domain.

## Table of Contents
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Projects
| Name | Description |
| :---: | :--- | 
|[Expense Tracker](./expense_tracker/)|Your classic expense tracker app with all the necessary features.|
|[Meditation App](./meditation_app/)| This app helps user practice meditation.|
|[Movie App](./movie_app/)| This app allows users to watch movies. |
|[Quiz App](./quiz_app/)| This app allows users to take quizzes on a variety of topics.|
|[Recipe App](./recipe_app/)| A recipe app is a software application that provides users with access to a collection of recipes.|
|[Ride App](./ride_app/)| This app connects people who need rides with drivers who are willing to provide them.|

## Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed:
- **Flutter**: [Installation Guide](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install)
- **Dart**: [Installation Guide](https://dart.dev/get-dart)

## Installation
1. Clone the Repository
2. Open the Project in Android Studio
3. Get Dependencies
4. Build and Run

Commit message:

Taapmaan-TemperatureConverter project added (#16)
* Tapman-TemperatureConverter project

* updated Taapmaan app

* project name changed to snake_case

flutter/README.md, after:

# Flutter Mini Projects
Below are some Flutter based mini projects based on various domain.

## Table of Contents
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Projects
| Name | Description |
| :---: | :--- | 
|[Expense Tracker](./expense_tracker/)|Your classic expense tracker app with all the necessary features.|
|[Meditation App](./meditation_app/)| This app helps user practice meditation.|
|[Movie App](./movie_app/)| This app allows users to watch movies. |
|[Quiz App](./quiz_app/)| This app allows users to take quizzes on a variety of topics.|
|[Recipe App](./recipe_app/)| A recipe app is a software application that provides users with access to a collection of recipes.|
|[Ride App](./ride_app/)| This app connects people who need rides with drivers who are willing to provide them.|
|[Taapmaan App](./taapmaan_app/)| This app can be used to convert temperatures from Celsius/Kelvin/Fahrenheit to Fahrenheit/Celsius/Kelvin|

## Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed:
- **Flutter**: [Installation Guide](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install)
- **Dart**: [Installation Guide](https://dart.dev/get-dart)

## Installation
1. Clone the Repository
2. Open the Project in Android Studio
3. Get Dependencies
4. Build and Run
